[Music]
come through the bed it's a coffee
station wardrobe beds message into the
bathroom into the mirror and shower bad
see is literally right there Wow so I
feel a bit more human
I just put like a bit of make fun to
them take
so so cool here I love our really
because initially just right on the
beachfront we just decided like what
we're going to do today to stay a night
here so far and then we don't know
whether to go through us and wasn't sure
because we always find like you know at
times we've got to hotel and then you
get there and it's nothing like the
picture so it's actually really really
nice and creepy
I literally dream always that cake
I think I want to eat that cake may
start throw it at her but we've just
been eating breakfast and I've been
trying to like edit photos I'm really
looking I've got a friend's phone but
it's not got all like my stuff on on my
software I usually like to know thank
you
so I'm taking this is like a bit of a
sign that just not spare my phone so
I've already wasted like an hour trying
to get this thing to work and it's not
happening so passion wanna enjoy the
holidays I'm just gonna film instead I
don't think I'm going to be that active
on Instagram since it's not like
whatever two weeks as well so I just
want to enjoy
you've got my top on so I basically
naked came to breakfast
topless shoeless this is the pool area
quiet down
[Music]
get wiped out that's not on a rockin
wave keep screwing him
[Music]
a huge bat if you can see that are
commenting that such a big bat there
just walk down to some markets where
there's like loads of the local food so
we're gonna go and see what's going on
there
[Music]
just checked into our new hotel it's we
got there probably like about half 10 we
got a phone call saying excuse me what
is your name
basically we just been sat in the wrong
hotel for like God knows how else since
we've got the ocean means that though we
had a few drinks in the wrong hotel so
neither of us really well we thought the
hotel we're no different and we can
check for my reception
so just checked in this is the bed Wow
[Music]
we arrived at smart when it was super
dark so come out here on to like the
balcony area and how amazing is this for
you got it's so hot today this is day 2
breakfast ruins of gorgeous hotel it's
like a little boutique here it's such a
hearty breakfast up on the roof terrace
so quickly and so many that relax
[Applause]
then the face like lounge area pool
table and like open sea and the pool
[Music]
we just come on a boat ride literally
the sea here is just simply not an easy
we're coming to find the turtles that
weren't at that sanctuary yesterday we
thought they were just going to be like
right on the beach front but and they're
not so we've got to walk like 45 minutes
to find them how don't if they're going
to be on the beach or just like in the
forest or Albert I'm so excited to see
some turtles I don't know how big or
light northerly in this rickety bridge
already stepped it I feel like I'm in a
video game look around this jungle from
a live version of Temple Run
[Music]
No
Oh kitten iced tea
Strom is not baby I was chillin in the
shade should we throw ourselves
Baywatch boy oh wow
[Music]
just rest from there washes just ordered
our dunno I'm gonna go for the crap a
nice little view of but we're just
getting a bike we've come to different
island
nice one dangerous Perez yeah
which is better this one or that one
this is the saloon
the same our case but it was just picked
up some buy and feel it she don't have
any cars only with just cycling addicts
[Music]
it's got coconut down off the tree and
is breaking it look at that have you
ever see anything like that Wow
[Music]
with the boat and their little island
that's literally like off a movie you
know that me with the Wilson where he's
just on that like island on his only
arriving back on the road again there's
a cow or something over there oh my
goodness
[Music]
it's not my favorite Beach I've been to
so far
[Music]
we're at the end
so literally like an hour if I think we
finally reached this huge beach we've
got the beasts helping race
[Music]
and my blog we were in Seychelles for
about a week and it was a place I really
really want to go back I really hope you
enjoyed the video just as much as I
enjoyed making it also if you do enjoy
this video don't forget to give it a big
like and subscribe to my channel and it
really helps me out and helps me to grow
and I'll see you guys in the next video